fixed limit issue, fixed sample issue (#29198)
demisto/content: Packs/ThreatGrid/ReleaseNotes/2_0_14.md

#### Integrations

##### Cisco Secure Malware Analytics (Threat Grid) v2

> - Fixed an issue when commands failed with limit 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where commands would fail with limit 1.
```
